i heard you were here so i thought i'd
pay you a visit
i am grateful for all the money and the
gold you gave me last time
but i might have to catch you on the
flip side one is about to walk through
that door
and murder you
he has graciously been helping me with
my cases yeah it's like lucifer
neverland like two months since he moved
to florida to help with his family's
business
in hell you are your own jailer you
brought yourself here
los angeles to them it's only been a few
months a blink of an eye but down here
it's been
much much longer i am going to solve
your murder
look please i i don't know exactly what
happened with you and eve because
it's best if we step back
from working together put your gun on
the counter
he's got news about that detective
[Music]
hello bad
she's quite capable of taking care of
herself
lucifer hi i i was looking everywhere
for you i was in florida
my mother was terribly ill i thought you
said you got to take over the family
business
indeed you just lied to her uh no
you did i just kept up the ruse you
never lie
lucifer i'm not lucifer lucifer
i'm michael lucifer told me he had a
twin brother
and you are massachusetts up here
playing with his toys then he will come
flying right back
up to reveal his true colors lucy since
who's watching hell
oh no one but don't worry they've all
promised to be good little demons
detective
let me explain mace i i don't even know
who you are anymore
i need i need to think detective
what is it that you truly fear
decided i am not gonna break lucifer's
life
i'm gonna take it i love you lucifer
and i still do
once i shot lucifer to prove he was the
devil and now i'm shooting you to prove
you're not i'm lucifer's brother
michael because you made me realize that
all my fears that lucifer had changed
were just that
are a gift from god chloe decker
it means that you were never supposed to
exist
father made you for lucifer
i'm not afraid of you michael
now go home it's time lucy
you need to come back showed up on earth
assumed
my identity and then wreaked all sorts
of havoc on my life
that about covers it yes last time i was
there
michael had managed to seat himself at
father's right hand
michael's become untouchable in the
silver city
hello detective no no get the hell out
of here
it's me it's lucifer
it's really you this he told me that
i was a gift from god lucifer i am not
a gift from god made just for you
because i thought if i knew the truth it
would mean the feelings that i had for
you weren't real that i feel you were
just some
some tool to manipulate me nice
ah i missed you while i was gone you're
not my servant anymore by all means
you're welcome to join me
i don't have wings you idiots well a
menadil does why don't you just ask him
to fly you down there
you're abandonment issues
why'd you leave me eve
brother you're gonna wonder
maybe it wasn't just the rebellion that
was my suggestion
why why don't i call you what you know
you really are
unworthy
i'm confident this one is all mine
i dealt with the michael problem he's
been manipulating me since the dawn of
time
the secret that he kept from chloe and
the one
that he's keeping from you i can tell
you how to find it out for yourself
tell me the story of your ring unless
you'd rather talk about the handcuffs
the only one who knew her real name
lilith wait
who's lilith maze's mother thousands of
years lucifer
and that ring has always been with me
you mean why you sent your children to
hell
i gave you an army an army i never asked
for
i think i've been immortal long enough
i want you to have it would you like me
to bring your children up to say goodbye
and undo everything they've learned in
hell they'll never be cast out of the
proverbial garden
you can never tell them what i've done
today lucifer thanks lucifer
this was fun
i taught you well kid
it's me mazzykin
lucifer told you
i wanted to know why you abandoned us
i can see you don't need anyone
i heard a voice a voice that i never
expected to hear and now
adele father and that's it
so i came up here to see my son when i
was very young
i had a baby a girl
[Music]
i just
he just walked away
you ready her name is hello great to see
you
this is linda she's your potential buyer
but who knows
when or if
adriana will ever be ready to see ah
listen
chloe your parents are still your
parents
and i am so sorry that i didn't tell you
any of this earlier i just
it's okay here's the woman that lived
here lily rose she died
a couple days ago
a database release form for biological
parents
so that their adopted kids can find them
if they want to he thinks that
you choose to be vulnerable around me
then i choose to be vulnerable around
you
hi ella i'm pete maybe it's like a real
thank you
i could take you out for a drink or
coffee
[Music]
yeah do it again
it's my turn
we can take it from here dan
[Music]
oh hi hello and you truly desire
i i want to have sex with you another
four times
did i just motto you i don't know the
killer inserted a knife into her throat
made two very precise cuts slashing her
vocal cords
i'm terrified charlotte
for me for for chloe
my twin brother hates me because i am
his opposite
the good to his bad we're dealing with a
serial killer
the flowers that we thought were diane's
i mean this is his signature
should i think that is his next victim
look
at the wallpaper in the carpet does it
ring a bell
oh hi what are you doing here i'm just
going over this case
there's something about it that's
bothering me
what are you doing he's the devil and
you've known about it all this time
how did you find out i saw him that
night with her minadil and charlie i
came back and i saw his
his freaking scary-ass red face what
what's that
it's a key to my place yeah that way you
don't you know have to
wait outside for me next week i was
right
klumsky didn't kill the first three
there's another cereal carrot
listen i got a lead tomorrow in the arts
district
detective
do you unscrew that one
you kill people innocent women
it was my mother and she didn't hit me
she screamed at me
all day every day hello detective
so why are you not afraid of what his
newfound invulnerability means
because when i get what i want so can
you
what i'm worried about now isn't michael
he he said that this was all part of
some bigger plan
[Music]
brother could you have chosen a worst
moment to slow down time it hasn't
slowed it's
stopped he's just like every other
ordinary human child he'll get sick
again
i was hoping that you would spiral out
of control but
completely stopping time amenity
michael is probably responsible for
charlie's illness come on
i would never he's lying again with a
blame game it's not my fault you
impregnated one of these filthy little
humans
why are you defending him because he
promised me a soul
michael he's a liar
you had my mother for me
that's enough dead
children you know i hate it when you
[Music]
fight
you